Fix wording: NGTS stands for Security, not Services (#2140)
cert-manager/website: content/docs/configuration/venafi.md

Read the [Requesting Certificates](../usage/certificate.md) document for
more information on how to create Certificate resources.

## Creating an Issuer for Palo Alto Networks Next-Generation Trust Security

The CyberArk `Issuer` supports [Palo Alto Networks Next-Generation Trust
Security (NGTS)][ngts], a cloud-native certificate management platform.

> Authentication uses OAuth 2.0 Client Credentials, so no API key or
> username/password is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication uses OAuth 2.0 Client Credentials.
```

I'd drop that last part, personally. It seems unnecessary. Why would the user think that an API key or u/p ARE required?

you must change the `kind` field to `ClusterIssuer` and remove the
`metadata.namespace` field.

> The `zone` is the name of the Certificate Issuing Template (CIT) in NGTS that will be used to issue certificates. Unlike CyberArk Certificate Manager SaaS which requires both an Application name and CIT alias in the format `Application\CIT`, NGTS only requires the CIT name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For NGTS, the `zone` is **only** the name of the Certificate Issuing Template (CIT), that will be used to issue certificates. 

> ℹ️ If you are migrating from CyberArk Certificate Manager SaaS or Venafi Cloud, notice that `zone` has a different format. Zone MUST be `CIT`, NOT `Application\CIT`.
```

I'm not sure if this is clearer. I imagine that most users will skip straight to the NGTS section and may have no knowledge of how CM-SaaS zones are configured....unless they're migrating.

Author: Good point. Your suggestion looks clearer.
